All right.
Before we move on, we have to always consider protecting ourselves against potential attackers.
So when a user is saved, we are sending back the entire user entity that includes the ID, the username
and the password.
Now, sending back the password, although it's encrypted, is still dangerous.
We're sending them back the algorithm that we use, the number of rounds, the salt, and we're just
leaving ourselves vulnerable to an attacker that may get this password.
There is never, ever, ever a good reason to send back the hashed password.
And I know what you're thinking.
Hey, why don't we just put JSON ignore?
That's not going to work because JSON ignore affects the serialization and the serialization process
as well.
So over here, if we do that, we're going to get a password cannot be blank error message.
So that's not going to work.
And you know what?
We could jump through a lot of hoops and only send back the username, but honestly, I don't even see
the point in sending them back.
The user that was created a status of created should be enough to confirm to the user that they were
a registered.
All right.
And this looks beautiful to me.
I just wanted to do this before we move on, because it's really important that you never send people's
passwords over the Web.
That was an oversight on my part, but now it's corrected.